# thea-app
This repository, as well as the sprint board are publically accessible, so please ensure that no private information is uploaded here. 
Our sprint board is accessible via: https://tree.taiga.io/project/kjjl-thea/kanban
I have uploaded initial code and images to run analyses on. me2.jpg and me3.jpg are more official examples of images that we should be able to analyze. I recommend that you do not look at eyedetect2.py while you are initailly developing your code because it would be nice to have different ideas on how to approach this problem and I don't want my approach to limit your approach. Once you have solidified your approach to face, eye, iris, and light reflex, it would be a good time to compare ideas. However, if you are feeling stuck, referring to eyedetect2.py may be helpful.
To run eyedetect2.py, you must have python, opencv for python, matplotlib, and numpy installed. 
To generate more images to analyze, the protocol I currently use is as follows. The user must step into a completely dark room. The user must take a selfie, with eyes facing directly forward at the phone screen, with selfie flash on. 
I have created a GroupMe for communication about Thea. I think I have added Yash. Yash, could you please invite the other developers? Let me know if you are not added. I have the app on my phone and it is a nice for group chatting.
On the sprint board, feel free to assign yourself to any task. If you are currently working on that task, move the task to In Progress. When you have finished working on the task, move it to Testing, where we can visit it at our next meeting. Once the whole team agrees that we are finished with the task, we can move it to Done after the meeting. 
